[Docs] Add creating and using a custom/private hub (#4710)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/runtimes/load-from-hub.md

Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/mlrun/functions) to learn how to create a function.
```{Note}
Make sure your hub source is accessible via github (private is also possible).
```

To create a function hub from scratch, the hub structure must be the same as the [MLRun hub](https://github.com/mlrun/marketplace).

The hierarchy must be:

- functions directory
	- channels directories
		- some-function-1
		- some-function-2
		- ...
		- some-function-n
			- version-1
			- ...
			- version-n
			- latest
				- src
					- function.yaml
					- item.yaml
					- function.py
					- ...
				- static (optional)
					- html files
					

### Add a custom hub to the MLRun database
To add your hub to your MLRun database, run:
```python
import mlrun.common.schemas

# Add a private source as the last one (will be #1 in the list)
private_source = mlrun.common.schemas.IndexedHubSource(
    order=-1,
	source=mlrun.common.schemas.HubSource(
		metadata=mlrun.common.schemas.HubObjectMetadata(
		name="priv", description="a private source"
		),
		spec=mlrun.common.schemas.HubSourceSpec(
		path="/local/path/to/source", channel="development"
		),

> 	)

Reviewer: I don't really follow the example and if I struggle, I believe it needs some clarifications.
1. `order=-1` means that it replaces the default IIUC. It should be specified (@yonishelach please confirm)
2. what is local path to source? I expected this to be a url to a git repo. Does local path means its available only for the current user? why do you need a channel if the path is local? @yonishelach
3. please fix the source name to make it a proper example (is priv short for private?)

Reviewer 2: I took it from the documentation of `create_hub_source` so maybe it is need to be improved as well or I am missing something too. According the documentation there:
```
The global hub source always exists in the list, and is always the last source
(`order = -1`). It cannot be modified nor can it be moved to another order in the list.
```
So is it impossible to assign order=-1 at all?
@theSaarco can you please help us here?

```suggestion
# Add a private source as the last one (will be #1 in the list) TODO: need to be resolved
private_source = mlrun.common.schemas.IndexedHubSource(
    order=-1,
	source=mlrun.common.schemas.HubSource(
		metadata=mlrun.common.schemas.HubObjectMetadata(
		name="private", description="a private source"
		),
		spec=mlrun.common.schemas.HubSourceSpec(
		path="https://mlrun.github.io/marketplace", channel="development"
		),
	)
```

Reviewer 3: The problem is that you're quoting just part of the docstring. The `create_hub_source` docstring says:
```
MLRun maintains an ordered list of hub sources (“sources”) Each source has
its details registered and its order within the list. When creating a new source, the special order ``-1``
can be used to mark this source as last in the list. However, once the source is in the MLRun list,
its order will always be ``>0``.

The global hub source always exists in the list, and is always the last source
(``order = -1``). It cannot be modified nor can it be moved to another order in the list.
```

I think this should answer your questions. The `-1` is just for the creation flow. Once the source is added it will get a different order which makes it last in the list.
